[MUSIC]
>> Brian Holt: What we're gonna do now is
I'm gonna work the very first part of this
with you, so you can kind of get started.
But I want you to actually implement
this collapsing part of it.
That's the part I'm most
interested in having you,
because I want you to feel
the pain of collapsing an array.
>> Brian Holt: It is painful.
[LAUGH]
>> Speaker 2: That's what we all wanna
hear right now.
>> Brian Holt: You know it, hey,
you're the one who decided
to come to my class, so.
>> Brian Holt: Okay, so I kind of gave
here a description of what I want you do.
I want you to have a length, I want you
to have push, I want you to have pop, and
I want you to have get and delete.
And then probably internally, you're gonna
use some sort of collapse to method.
But I'll leave it up to you
to call it whatever you want.
So we're gonna use ES6 classes.
Some of you might find those kinda gross,
a lot people do.
But they lend themselves
well to this problem, so
we're just gonna go ahead and do that.
This is ES6, and
you're just creating a new class, right?
Nothing too,
>> Brian Holt: Interesting there.
We're gonna have a constructor.
And I gotta remember all
the methods that I put on this.
>> Brian Holt: Okay, and
I'll do the constructor for
you since this will help you
what you're supposed to do.
this.length = 0 and this.data = object.
So I'm gonna make you
use an object instead
of
>> Brian Holt: An array,
because if you use an array that's,
cheating, right?
Because we're implementing arrays.
But basically, I want you to make it so
array.0, right, or 0 = 'thing', right?
I want that to still work.
Actually not really, it's gonna be array.
>> Brian Holt: What do I do here,
I just have you do push, right?
>> Brian Holt: But yeah, you're gonna have
to use an object instead of an array.
That's what I wanna get at, and
then you're gonna have push.
>> Brian Holt: Push(value).
>> Brian Holt: You're gonna have pop,
which is gonna pop something off the top.
get(index).
>> Brian Holt: delete(index).
>> Brian Holt: Something to note here, for
those of you unfamiliar with
the class syntax, there's no commas.
I don't know why they decided
not to put commas in classes,
but there are no commas in classes.
>> Brian Holt: Okay,
I called this _collapseTo.
>> Brian Holt: This is just an interior
utility method, that I would suggest that
you implement, that basically says,
I'm going to delete index four.
So I'd pass four into here, so I need you
to shift everything else back up one,
right, does that makes sense?
You can do that inside a delete if you
want to, I just wouldn't suggest it.
And then you can ignore
serialized cuz you won't need it.
>> Brian Holt: Okay,
so surprise, surprise.
I did your first unit test for you,
which I think just checks if it's
actually a thing, so good job.
Yep, so it exists.
Now I want you to go in and
fill in all of these methods.